hey what everybody Stevie breach coming
to you today the Amazon man came today
which made me think I was messed up on
my days again but it looks like they
just shipped out the blu-ray a day early
wrestlemania 29 kind of weird first of
all so many I haven't been to in a long
time since I wrestlemania 26 it was a
weird feeling to watch it on TV that day
but I had a lot of fun as everybody
knows my good buddies was me i 88 and
then deputy punk fan and Zack we trust
came over also invited a lot of the kids
that are in my family that really wanted
to see the show and and I thought it was
really fun to have them over so it was a
fun experience to watch it on TV and
check it out but it's a whole bunch of
stuff was going on you know honestly I
don't think I really got to enjoy the
show as much as I normally would so
it'll be fun to check this out all of
this it's not actually a it's like the
dvds it's not an actual case I thought
this was it being a slipcover and there
are things that come out they've gone to
like a DVD case they normally do so you
get the pictures that was the one thing
that a lot of people didn't like about
the blu-rays is it you didn't get the
stuff that went along with it if you
look at the cover it's got everybody
space that's on the card pretty much
can't really picture anybody that's left
out or anybody that is left out doesn't
really matter honestly I guess you'd say
but you got all the good guys going one
way and all the heels going the other
way John Cena and rock at the top they
have a bundle you can get if you're
looking for anything from WrestleMania
if you were there I didn't pick up the
t-shirt of the program or anything like
that because I didn't go but you had
tons of pictures on the inside rock and
Cena there some more rockin Cena they
had that whole page right there you get
Undertaker you got punked and Lesnar
Triple H there Undertaker they earned
going flying and all my yeah look at
this pull that disk one up and what is
that what should have been del Rio
tapping out to the ankle lock world
heavyweight champion Jack Swagger right
there for you
no need to put anything underneath
because if you actually look at it
that's pretty bitchin that's the first
time I've seen then do that to a whole
bunch of first year on the set if you
look at the actual disc it has
everything that's on there it goes down
the whole card from the opener the
opening segment which was a rebuilding
after a superstorm sandy and it has the
whole match all the way down to the
WrestleMania post show from metlife
stadium as the whole thing on therefore
it has the whole show it doesn't okay
yeah it does have the whole show then
the special features are the the
interactive pre-show Intercontinental
Championship match it also has the post
show on there then you flip over to a
disc to the Hall of Fame is going to be
on this one mostly fully stratus Booker
T Bob Backlund Donald Trump Bruno
Sammartino I got the whole show on there
and the blu-ray exclusives are a triple
h and brock lesner contract signing from
Monday Night Raw CM Punk wants to end
the streak for Monday Night Raw The
Legend Q&A with the rock and see me with
Bret Hart fallen asleep there for you
but there it is hey what's up I don't
know where I put you putting it on the
stove right there for you and you got
down you want to watch wrestlemania with
me and watching John Cena come on you're
ruining my DVD opening head right here
come on you got to tell me how cool
WrestleMania is gonna be remember when
you watched it and we watch the
pay-per-view oh well I remember that day
he was a fine day John Cena became the
champion for the first time in a long
time they're over 365 days he wasn't the
champion but it'll be fun i don't know
from a viewing party of this tomorrow
but um I don't know come if you like the
new case tell me if you don't like the
new case but I think it's cool to get
the pictures that was the one thing that
was lacking if you can remember
wrestlemania 26 blu-ray that came out I
bought this I had it for a couple of
days and gymn i made a video remember
Jim night he's a good guy isn't he he
made a video for this
why I bought it it came to the house and
yes just for these pictures i bought
this and i've never watched it yes i'll
probably the second time it was been out
of the box so this is uh this is me
sanna thank you everybody I have an
overpaid and say good bye bye bye bye
thank you very much everybody had the
best buy tomorrow pick up your DVDs